The money the Gu family got
Your name is written on the money.
Gu Family daughter has determined that you are the one
Nice wedding dress
The engagement party didn't go as planned
Of course, neither of you should run away.
Then proceed according to the next step of the plan
Wait for you to successfully marry the story
The person in charge of the future road affairs must be
You promise
Don't worry.
From today onwards
You are the planning director of Lux Wine Festival
Thank you Mr. Lu
I'm already married.
I want to quit the group with the Lu family
You don't marry Lu Da Shao
The two cannot sign a permanent cooperation agreement
After your brother accepts the Gu family
How could he have developed better?
Why should I pay for a paper agreement?
Spend a lifetime with a scumbag
No miss your card has been frozen
Use this
This card can only get a discount, not a room.
I won't be miserable until I enter the street on my wedding day, will I?
No miss what a coincidence
Are you an eight-star police officer?
It's not mine.
Tell the truth
I'm homeless right now.
If you mind
Can you leave me a comment first?
Are you inviting a woman to live with you?
Dead girl
Whoever your dad marries has to divorce me